# Intelligent-Chatbot-using-Deep-RL
A chatbot is an intelligent system which can hold a conversation with a human using natural language in real time.These trying times have put forth a dire need for effective communication, especially in the field of education. Chatbots can be used to bridge the existing communication gap between the institution and the students by enhancing student engagement, procuring smart and secure feedback and providing instant help to the students. 
Currently, the chatbots employed in this field lack intelligence and require supervised learning techniques for training. Some chatbots that work in the educational sector have trouble with text classification as well. Most of the chatbots require manual intervention, which can be time consuming and expensive.
Reinforcement learning in chatbots correspond to sentences, and their size is infinite, assuming all possible combinations of word sequences in a given language. This is especially true in the case of open-ended conversations that make use of large vocabularies, which makes it difficult, as opposed to task-oriented conversations that make use of restricted vocabularies. 
In order to address these problems, our College Chatbot extends the implementation of the current chatbots by incorporating Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL) for training, which uses clustered actions and reward functions that are derived from human-human dialogues without any manual annotations. The proposed model implements an improved clustering algorithm on a value function based deep learning algorithm. Thus, the project finds natural language processing, artificial intelligence and reinforcement learning  at its focal point. 
